# engr-ALDA-Fall2022-P27

Our project was focused on a comparison of different machine learning algorithms to predict buy/sell points as a binary classification in the stock market.
We compared 5 algorithms:
  1) Naive Bayes
  2) Random forest
  3) Artificial neural network
  4) K-nearest neighbors
  5) Support vector machine

We also tried to create our own labeling algorithm, which we compared against one published in the literature (reference in report and code). Perhaps unsurprisingly, 
the published algorithm performed a little better than the one we tried to implement. We ran several experiments to optimize labeling toward maximum return on 
investment (ROI). 

Several modules were developed to support our project. The top-level code you will be interested in exploring first is **StockPredictor.py**
When you run this code as-is, you will be given four options. Choose whichever set of results you would like to see and the code will make some predictions and give 
a summary of the results. These results will all be generated with our optimized models.

Once you have finished looking at the results generated by our code, we encourage you to explore our experiments. To run them, comment out Part 1 in **StockPredictor.py** and begin looking in Part 2. Feel free to run any of our experiments by un-commenting any of the function calls contained there. We recommend only trying to run one of them at a time!

After exploring our results, feel free to examine other parts of the code. Running any of the other modules will not do anything. We hope you enjoy our project!
